 thought that the red banner was a call to arms for SOPA or something. After I noticed that the article numbers were alternating red/green, my blood pressure went down a few points. :)    
AquaGeek 1087 days ago | link

I didn't even realize the alternating article numbers. Bah humbug to colorblindness.    
aiscott 1087 days ago | link

ditto that. Most of the time I don't notice the effects of red-green color deficiency, but whenever someone wants to differentiate between A and B with colors, inevitably it's red/green.
Not much to do about it with xmas colors though. Bah humbug to poinsettias.    
resnamen 1087 days ago | link

Does it look like red and red? Or gray and gray?    
timewasted 1087 days ago | link

At a glance it looks gray and gray. If I stare, I can make out the red and can see that the green is a different color, but I really only recognize that it's green because people mentioned it being green.
So, I concur with the bah humbug to colorblindness statements.    
crandles 1087 days ago | link

I didn't even notice the colored numbers until I read the comments. For myself, the colors are easy enough to distinguish (as separate colors), as the red looks brighter than the green. If I didn't already know the colors were red and green, I think I'd be able to pick out the one that is clearly red (As there is a shade of red for sure in the title bar), but I do not believe I'd be able to say with certainty that the green is green (and not another shade of red).    
wxl24life 1087 days ago | link

I love this alternating-color feature, it's much easier for me to browse news titles, hope it will be kept for long in future.    
brudgers 1087 days ago | link

Peace on earth and good will to all, unconditionally.    
sneak 1087 days ago | link

Personally, I'd like a Winnebago. Burgundy interior.    
jarin 1087 days ago | link

Merry Christmas from an atheist! ;)
And Happy Holidays to the rest!    
david927 1087 days ago | link

Merry Christmas everyone!    
moonlighter 1087 days ago | link

Just noticed that too. Nice touch! Happy holidays to all fellow hackers.    
moonlighter 1087 days ago | link

... and painters ;)    
ORioN63 1087 days ago | link

Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!    
pandemicsyn 1087 days ago | link

Heh, think I actually prefer this color scheme.
Happy Holidays!